[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Upon arrival, Luffy entered
a fighting tournament that
promises the Flame Flame Fruit
to the champion.
Rebecca, a gladiator
Luffy befriended,
is fighting the last match
of the first round.
[LUFFY] She uses
Observation Haki? Sweet!
[INMATE E]
Haki?
[GYATS] Rebecca's also never
been wounded during a match!
So far, she's won every fight
just by letting her foes
fall off the side!
Lucky me. Now I get
to pulverize you.
Let's get this going,
Little Weed!
If I bring Mister Luffy to ya,
then will you give
me your autograph?
[ZORO]
It'd be a big help if you did!
[screaming]
[BARTOLOMEO] I'll bring Mister
Luffy back here if it kills me!
[BARTOLOMEO grunts]
[BARTOLOMEO]
You can count on me!
I won't let you down, I promise!
Gotta be careful I don't
accidentally bump
into Mister Luffy. Otherwise,
his awesomeness might blind me.
That, or my heart might
burst right outta my chest.
I need to gaze at him
from a safe distance first.
Whoa, but wait a second.
Since the captain and his
right-hand man are here,
does that mean the rest of
the crew is on the island?
All my favorites?
Together in one place?
Like Mister Sniper King!
Mister "Black Leg" Sanji!
Miss Nami, too!
Their doctor, Mister Chopper!
And Miss Robin, woo!
Mister Franky,
legendary shipwright!
And last but not least...
There's Mister Brook,
the one and only Soul King!
I can't wait!
I'll finally get the chance
to meet all my heroes!
Oh, man. I'm losin' my mind!
Speaking of which...
Am I nuts or is this place
way too quiet all of a sudden?
Never mind Mister Luffy, I can't
seem to find anyone at all.
What gives?
There were a ton
of gladiators here,
where'd they all run off to?
Oh, huh. A staircase.
Never checked out
the lower floors.
Not gonna lie, it's a
bit creepy down here.
No way Mister Luffy would hang
out in a gloomy place like this.
Huh. Are those voices?
What is this place?
Coming though! Hurry up.
Get out of the way!
[BARTOLOMEO]
A hospital?
Next in line, we're ready!
They've got quite a crowd
down here, don't they?
Let's take a look.
Seems like everyone here
is either injured or a part
of the staff, so that pretty
much rules out Mister Luffy.
[MEDIC F]
Is that Bartolomeo?
This is bad. We don't
need him antagonizing
these poor people
when they're injured!
[MEDIC G]
Uh! Mr. Bartolomeo!
What are you doing
in the basement?
I'm looking for someone
important, and it ain't you.
But you shouldn't be here.
This is where
we treat the losers.
And if they see you...
[BARTOLOMEO]
"Treating the losers"?
Sounds like a waste of time.
If they're trash,
just toss 'em out!
[COMPETITORS murmuring]
Bastard!
You Didn't humiliate us enough
in the arena, or what?
Get out of here!
If you came lookin' for
another battle royale,
I think we might just
take you up on that!
I think it's better
if you leave.
Please, sir, don't cause
any more trouble for us!
All right. Fair enough.
Besides, it's not
like I'm gonna find
what I'm looking for down here.
Hope youse all get to
feelin' better real soon!
Don't know what he wants,
but at least he's gone.
[MALE MEDIC B] Next patient!
Mr. Sai from the Kano Kingdom!
[SAI]
What about the last patient?
You carried our
old man back there
and haven't said
a stinkin' word!
You mean Mr. Chin Jao?
If he ain't dead,
then what gives? Huh?!
Jeez. Shut your trap.
Nobody cares.
I know he's getting old,
so it's no surprise!
Just give me the truth!
If the man's dead,
you're supposed to
tell the next of kin!
Can you keep it down?
[grunts]
[MALE MEDIC B]
You're overreacting, sir.
The situation's not nearly
as dramatic as all that.
There's an exit in the
back of the infirmary.
After you get treated, you don't
come back to the waiting room.
Oh! I'm sorry! I made such
a big scene over nothing.
[laughing]
Well, glad we cleared it up.
Now please, go in.
[SAI grunting]
No. You don't understand.
I'm sorry for the confusion.
I feel terrible for
putting you on the spot.
I'm on my knees!
Asking, begging you
for your forgiveness!
Don't worry!
He's just a little emotional.
He'll get over it.
[MALE MEDIC B]
Uhm, okay...
Right this way.
We're ready to see you now.
You're Sai?
From the Kano Kingdom?
[SAI]
That's right.
Great! Just lie down on the bed
here and we'll get started.
[SAI]
Like this?
[MALE MEDIC D] Yes. And you'll
need to close your eyes.
[MALE MEDIC E grunts]
[MALE MEDIC D] All right.
Commencing examination.
[SAI screams]
What the hell?
[MALE MEDIC B]
Send in the next one!
[SAI screaming]
[groans]
What is this stuff?
Buncha dolls?
Looks like a trash heap.
Made up of toys and fighters.
[SAI]
Uh! Who's there?
You? Hajrudin!
All you guys!
What the hell is this place?
You're alive! Well,
that's good news! I'm happy.
[CHINJAO] What part about any
of this is good news, you idiot?
My guess is, if you lose the
tournament, you're chucked.
Thrown out with the trash.
[SAI] Thrown out?!
What does that mean?
How are we gonna get outta here?
There is no way out!
We were set up by that
bastard Doflamingo!
This is an act of war,
King Elizabello!
Hate to say, but even my King
Punch can't break us out.
You realize we're
underground, right?
Which means these walls
are solid earth.
Of course your technique
doesn't work, idiot,
we're all strong and none of
our techniques will get us out.
What's their endgame here?
Are they collecting
fighters or what?
Whatever it is,
I doubt they plan on
tending to our wounds.
[CHINJAO yells]
I will curse you for this
offense, Doflamingo.
I'll curse your children
and grandchildren, too!
[CROWD cheering]
Listen to that deafening roar
coming from the crowd!
I think we all know who's
the fan favorite in Block D!
Rolling Logan!
And looks like he's set
his sights on Rebecca!
[laughing]
So many bones, it's gonna
be hard to decide
which to break first.
Maybe something
in the neck? Huh?
[CROWD]
Go for the neck!
Or maybe I could snap
her little spine?
[CROWD]
Snap her spine!
No... Wait...
How do the arms and legs
sound to you guys?
[CROWD]
Much better!
I think we can do
much better than that.
There's no need to pick
favorites here!
I say her whole body
deserves to be pulverized!
Who here agrees with me?
Yeah! Smash her!
[CROWD chattering]
[LOGAN laughing]
[LUFFY growling]
These jerks are pissin' me off!
What is their deal?
Like I told you,
there's not exactly any love
lost between them
and our last king.
Sure! But what's that
got to do with her?
He might've sucked,
but she's still nice!
None of us here
disagree with you.
Rebecca came to me
when I was injured
and knocking on death's door.
[screaming]
[INMATE B gasps]
[INMATE B]
She visited me every day,
and refused to let me give up.
I'm not the only one.
She was there
for every one of us!
But all the people on the
outside, they refuse to forget
what happened that night.
Part of me understands why.
Sounds like it's a sad story.
Yeah. And it's a long one, too.
Never mind then.
Are you kiddin' me?!
You can win this, Rebecca!
Well, let's give the crowds
what they want.
[GYATS] And Rolling Logan
begins his assault,
fueled by the audiences'
cheers for bloodshed!
With his impressive reach,
he's coming at Rebecca
from both sides! They say
Rolling Logan's max grip
is over a thousand
pounds of pressure.
Rebecca better watch out!
If she gets caught in his grasp,
it's all over for her!
[REBECCA]
This isn't good!
[LOGAN chuckles]
Leaving so soon?
[GYATS] With barely any effort,
Logan tracks her across
the arena, cutting her off
and preventing any escape!
[LOGAN laughing]
[GYATS] Like prey cornered by
a snake, she has nowhere to go!
How will Rebecca
get out of this?
[laughing]
[COMPETITOR C yells]
Thanks for letting
your guard down!
Both of you, go to hell!
[gasping]
[chuckles]
Awfully shameless of you to
strike when my back's turned.
Well, you must wanna be crushed!
Hey, watch close, cause
I'll do the same to you!
[COMPETITOR C groaning]
[REBECCA]
Now's my chance!
[GYATS] What's this?
Rebecca's taken advantage
of Logan being
distracted and flees!
[CROWD booing]
[GYATS] She's scurrying across
the arena like a rat!
[GYATS] And Rolling Logan
is giving chase!
Mowing down the other contenders
like a field of daisies!
[MAN A] C'mon, we wanna
see blood, Rebecca!
[MAN B]
Fight back or die!
[COMPETITOR K screams]
[REBECCA gasps]
My sword!
[LOGAN] Once I've got someone in
my sights, they don't get away!
[laughing]
[GYATS] Now that Rebecca's
without her precious blade,
she's left totally defenseless!
[REBECCA gasps, shrieks]
[GYATS] It's over!
Rebecca's finally been caught!
[CROWD cheering]
[laughing]
[GYATS]
Only one question remains:
What terrible fate will Rolling
Logan choose to dish out?!
What shall I do?
Any suggestions?
I could smash you flat
like a pancake.
No. Wait,
my personal favorite...
[screaming]
I like the way you scream!
Try to keep it up, okay?
I wanna squeeze the life
outta you nice and slow,
so don't go dyin'
on me just yet!
[REBECCA screaming]
No. Let me at the bastard!
This might be it for her!
Fight, Rebecca!
[GYATS] Looks like this is the
end of her undefeated streak,
and maybe her life!
[groaning]
[CROWD] Pulverize! Pulverize!
Pulverize! Pulverize!
Pulverize! Pulverize...
[REBECCA]
Soldier... I'm sorry.
Faster strikes! Pivot your hips!
[TOY SOLDIER, REBECCA grunting]
[REBECCA]
I've had enough of all this!
Today's competition is our one
chance and I'm taking it!
[TOY SOLDIER]
Come to your senses, Rebecca!
It's a suicide mission!
This is nothing like the kind of
match you're accustomed to!
You'll end up dead!
I won't let you enter!
[LOGAN laughing]
[REBECCA grunting]
[AGILIA]
Unhand Rebecca! You big lout!
[coughing]
[GYATS]
Just when all hope seemed lost,
the smiling gladiator
Agilia decides
to throw her weight
into the fight!
Saving Rebecca and flashing
one of her trademark grins!
[AGILIA laughs]
[LOGAN grunts]
Uh? We owe Agilia
for that one, huh?
Yeah! You rock!
Old-happy-face!
I don't think she'd
care for that name.
That was a close one. You okay?
I'll live. Agilia, I'm grateful.
Don't go kissing my
buttcheeks just yet.
Wake up!
You wanna get the
Flame Flame Fruit, don't ya?
Then fight!
There's a long way to go!
Now you're picking
favorites, huh?
Teaming up on me?
Then I'll send you
to hell together!
This battle isn't like the other
fights you've been in!
You can't win this time just by
running around, dodging attacks!
We'll have to see.
[LOGAN grunting]
[AGILIA yells]
[LOGAN grunts]
[GYATS] And Rolling Logan
overpowers Agilia
with a savage uppercut!
[LOGAN chuckles]
Agilia, no!
Do me a favor and stay down!
Huh?
[REBECCA yelling]
[REBECCA]
And lend me your back!
[GYATS] Could it be?
Are we witnessing a first?
Is Rebecca actually going
to attack an opponent?
Think you're any
match against me?
Huh?!
[LOGAN grunting]
What the--?
There's no way! I can't lose!
[REBECCA panting]
[GYATS]
I don't believe this!
Rebecca pulled off
an upset victory!
She moved with such
speed and agility,
she fended off
Rolling Logan's attack,
then caused him to fall
right outta the ring!
You lured him to attack first
by making him think you
were going to strike.
Then you used his
momentum against him.
You're incredible, Rebecca.
[COMPETITORS yelling]
[chuckles] You ready?
[AGILIA grunts] You're facing
the moment of truth now!
Rebecca! You get to
the finals at any cost!
[REBECCA panting]
Right!
[COMPETITORS grunting]
[panting]
[LUFFY]
She did it!
[laughs]
All right! Rebecca! Agilia!
Another one down!
Come on! Almost there!
[LUFFY] Hey! Get outta
the shot, Cabbage!
Show us Rebecca!
Damn right! She's the real hero!
Wait. Why am I watching the
match on this tiny screen?
I'm gonna go cheer for her!
Later, guys.
See ya.
Oh, one last thing, though.
When I first got here,
it seemed like everyone
in the country was happy
and having fun.
But you guys showed me
how things really are.
What you saw was the
surface where winners
are living happy lives.
Not like us.
Doflamingo deems the people
who follow him "winners"
and anyone who disobeys
him "losers."
His attitude is no different
than the World Government.
The rogues and renegades
are labeled as trash.
And once you sweep them
out of sight,
your country starts
looking good.
Well, on the surface, at least.
[LUFFY]
Hmm...
Let's go! Treasure hunting time!
You know, it kinda reminds me
of the country I grew up in.
Starts with a bad feeling,
then you start noticing
the darker truths.
I got a feeling we've got even
uglier surprises waiting for us
out there. You'd better keep
your guard up, kid.
No problem! I'll see ya!
[BARTOLOMEO sighs] I looked all
over the coliseum for him...
Where did Mister Luffy
run off to?
I won't let Mister Zoro down!
I would die!
[BARTOLOMEO screaming]
[LUFFY]
Hm?
[BARTOLOMEO screaming]
I can't believe I finally
found you! Mister Luffy!
[NARRATOR] While the
Block D melee rages on,
the Little People begin to
recount the 900-year history
of the Riku and Don
Quixote families.
As the story unfolds, we learn
more about the brave toy soldier
who dedicated his life
to protecting King Riku,
and Rebecca, during
this violent conflict.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Big Surprise!
A True Identity
of the Toy Soldier!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!